+ This was a good deal over nice quality. I strongly recommend this product don't hesitate and buy this.
+ excellent product - those you want to play a professional tennis match in a normal court it really suits with our budget.
+ Its good enough for a hard-hit rallying.Retains bounce upto 3 days.Would recommend it only for hard court though.
+ Superb experience. Could clearly make out the difference in overall buying experience on amazon as against the snap deal and flipcarts of the world. Great going amazon. A big thumps up
+ Great quality for the price. The bounce on concrete surface is just about right. Doesnt have too much fur/felt so its great to play tennis during monsoon
+ II liked the product. Much better what I buy from local store. I play cricket with my friends and this ball is just too good for it. Thanks for the lightning deal at Rs.149. Thanks amazon for delivering it in just 3 days.
+ Good Quality mask , great stitching....Got a free gift along with this :D Amazon should not charge 70 for shipping. This Mask is worth buying
+ Easy tracking, prompt response from seller about any concern or question, high quality product makes it deserving 5 star!
+ its good and Worth the price
+ Really i love it.... very quick delivery.....
+ Good product for the price of Rs649/-.Very effective for shoulder and arm exercises...a bit tough to do abs and back.
+ It's good for abdominal exercise... But the elastic rubber brocked after few days... Where can I get extra piece of elastic rubber?
+ good but there should be more adjustment available for tension
+ Its a good product. Have been using it from quite some time. But only drawback that i can think of is it should comes in pairs together. 
+ A good piece of wrist band by NIVIA. The MRP. is Rs. 200 and got it just Rs. 145 including delivery. I also added a photo, to get the better estimate of the product. I use it while playing tennis. Since i recently starts to play tennis and while playing tennis, lot of strain in your wrist. 
+ well ..at first i had doubts about online shopping as to whether i am gonna be cheated ...but after receiving this product and superb response and delivery service by amazon..i love it .. this product is so comfy and easy to use
+ awasome product i got it in Rs.128 and the product MRP is Rs.200, great deal
+ strong and sturdy bag. The inner material seems to be strong rather than the extremely light bags we get these days.Quality and finish looks good.
+ Good Product by Butterflies . its a nice bag and my wife liked it. we regularly purchase butterflies bags. Nice product by amazon. Fastest shipping.
+ Very Good product and service from amazon
+ Very good & nice product
+ Good quality. Reliability not yet sure. as it is too early to judge. I believe, it is as good as they claim it to be.
+ It exactly looks like how it is shown in the picture. And I am using this for quite a long time and it still looks great. Very good quality material.
+ Good Product ... and butterfly brand bags are really good, The shine re,ains as it is for years. and product is durable
+ The quality is very good and I got this bag 
+ Happy with product, delivery n everything
+ loved it.awesome service too.
+ Very good . Thumbs up .
+ Good bag and stylish.
+ Elegant nd decent... loved it 
+ overall good and satisfactory experience from amazon and also from this seller. Thanks for all service and good quality product in good price.
+ I thank to amazon for his product.it is really amazing
+ Best product quality. And fitting was also very best.. loved the product.
+ Perfect shoe for daily purpose. Quality is good and very comfortable. Got the shoes within a short interval of time . Packaging was good. Overall its a decent product. Thanks to amazon and the seller for such a courteous service.
+ Very good product.... exact same looking as displayed in the Amazon app. 5 stars in comparison to 481 rupees price. Comfort on. Don't expect nike addi puma.... but again I would love to purchase this product again for regular use
+ Good shoes in this rate. Good looks good fittings good style. good material. I ordered No 9 Uk it is too big for me . I am going to order for no. 8. and No. 9 Gifted to my bro. Good
+ Lovely Product , Packaging was good , shoes quality till now is very good , comfortable , worth at this price , delivery was very fast , satisfied :D
+ All the product is best and fit. Thank you
+ Amazing product at this price.
+ Looks are cool,Very comfortable...
+ Nice shoes. Very comfortable. Received the same as ordered. And thanks for early delivery.
+ Watch has smart looks, great chronograph and above all exceptionally great price. Overall a great product and one of my best purchases at Amazon!
+ Hi i loved the watched at the service of the product.
+ Product was just like original by look.Really great product.I liked very much.Thanks amazon.
+ This watch is most beautifull and it is also a stylish hand watch....cheap and best
+ Excellent product at very good price.thanks to amazon & their Sellers.
+ Awesome stylish watch!! Can wear on party or blazzers.
+ Nice build, quality product, worth price.
+ Got it as a gift for my sis,she loved it n so did i .. Nice product.
+ Beautiful item to gift. Especially teenage girls will love it. very good product at this cost.
+ Good looking watch
+ Very good quality
+ Very gud product in this price.
+ So so beautifull watch nice i likeit
+ Best Product
+ it`s very nice and valuable to money thanks to amazon.
+ Very good product, Just awesome :)
+ Good value for money product. This obviously not a Rayban but 399, this is a good deal.
+ Really good. More than what i expected at a reasonable price. I just loved it.
+ This is very stylish and soooo beautiful
+ Awesome aviator, fits as expected
+ It's very good & stylish.
+ good product
+ Fantastic!
+ Nice cable, seems well made and solid. I’m using mine on a Gal S4. I’ve plugged it into multiple card readers and all work flawlessly and quickly. Haven’t noticed any lag in file transfers. Exactly as described and got to me fast. Highly recommend. Great price too!
+ Great cable, looks to be better made than other generic one. Works great as OTG for my Galaxy S4.
+ This worked perfectly to allow me to use regular USB devices with my Galaxy S Tab.
+ Well made cable, allows my Samsung S5 to connect to a standard ol' flash drive. Wonderful!!
+ A very good game pad. I bought it for Rs.260 after my Enter game pad analog control stopped working.
+ It is a good device that has an extremely low price and good customer reviews.It can be used play a long list of games like Euro Truck Simulator 2,Don Bradman Cricket,Fifa Series and so on.It also comes with an installation cd which allows the vibration feature on the joystick.I really recommend this.
+ Good product @ this price... Works fyn with Win 8.1... Plugin the USB, it installs & gets ready in a sec...Quality is OK...U cant expect better than this, under 300rs.. Worthy :)
+ Ultimate product. I'm giving it five stars because I cannot give it anymore. really appreciate the quality of the product and how good it works still. To my surprise it vibrates as well exactly like a PS controller ( which I didn't expect ).
+ If you are looking around for a cheap controller, this is it. Its an amazing product. Delivery was good too. Thanks Amazon.. For pros I'd say, its Light weight, compact and easy to carry around. Another plus point is that, the connector wire is pretty long, so you can just sit back and enjoy your gaming.
+ Fast delivery,Perfectly packed,Received Product matches the described product,Works well on windows 7 (it has been 1 month now, i use them daily)
+ Working fantastic. No problems yet. Using it in Windows 10. The only thing disappointing is, it is not same as image shown here. In image it is semi transparent but what I received was not. But this doesn't matter much.
+ One of the best gaming pads ,if buying this product don't be worried of is is as a same as it is shown in the picture given by amazon and it is comes with a software cd by which you can see it's property and you con play any game with it and it ol so works on android smartphones
+ Yeahh..its awesome, I think this is a best gaming joystick at d price of 250. I've played burnout paradise,don bradman cricket, blur, split second and many more without any issue. i loved its dual vibration, overall it worth 5 starts and every penny. Thanx amazon. :)
+ it's very good product and fast delivery.....great deal with best price
+ Unbeatable at the price. This does work with Mac OS X, except for vibrating functionality. Was able to plug in and have it immediately recognized by Open EMU. Once I mapped the controller in Open EMU Software, it's just like playing on the real console.
+ It is very nice product I'll refer to my friends also,Thank you
+ I got this and this is very awsome nd very cool.
+ Wow ...I love u.... Thnnk u Amazon.... :)
+ Good deal for Amazon i am happy
+ This is an amazing product for light winters like Bangalore one. It fits very well too and its stylish product.
+ Fabulous.......with respect to Fit, Design, Cloth Quality and delivery by amazon. Keep it up guys.
+ Fitting is perfect and. Product is really very good. Am happy with this purchase.
+ Superb clothe as I had expected ... the same I had got... you can go for it
+ nice product.
+ Good t shirt.. Loved to wear it. And quality also seems good.
+ Guys this one is so nice.I recommend u to buy this t-shirt
+ Very Nice one. It is more nice if there is a pocket also.
+ Nice product, good quality, value for money
+ As expected and Good. Quality Ok Ok
+ Nice product... Best quality...
+ Nice and comfortable good fabric
+ wow great thanks Amazon!
+ The product is good.
+ excellent,superb
+ really good.worth it
+ It is very nice product I'll refer to my friends also
+ I got this and this is very awsome nd very cool.
+ Fabulous.......with respect to Fit, Design, Cloth Quality and delivery by amazon. Keep it up guys.
+ Superb clothe as I had expected ... the same I had got... you can go for it
+ Fitting is perfect and. Product is really very good. Am happy with this purchase.
+ Product is perfect. It fits well. Cloth material is awesome..
+ Guys this one is so nice.I recommend u to buy this t-shirt
+ Very Nice one. It is more nice if there is a pocket also.
+ As expected. Nice fit. Comfy. 10 /10 would recommend.
+ This is great as expected & very stylist product
+ Nice product, good quality, value for money
+ Loved it! Looks and fits as expected.
+ Nice product... Better quality...
+ This saree is just marvellous. Everyone gives me positive comments.
+ good quality, short time delivered, lowest price
+ Very nice! Color is not same as in photo
+ This product is very nice. I bought two products of redox shirt. But this is very awesome. Colour and design is nice.
+ The size mentioned on the website and the size on the shirt doesn't match. On the website 40" is shown as small but when i received the shirt, it is mentioned as 36" is Small. I have requested for return pickup and refund for my Shirt.
+ Awesome Shirt nice to touch and feel
+ Delivered on time and fitting as expected.
+ Perfectly fitted...Awesome shirt...I order black colour
+ product is good i was expecting that shirt will be bigger bt it was good in size...... product quality is awesome..........
+ Good product & first delivery
+ Good quality and it fits as expected. Would suggest to go for it.......
+ This clothes very good styles very nice
+ Such a wonderful quality.........

+ Compact and smooth mice. I have been using M185 since the past one year and found it to be an good product, so this time I went for B175 to see if it is any better, also since after discount B175 was cheaper than M185. Ordered from Thevaluestore, packing was good, and arrived with in 4 days of placing the order. Also for people undecided between B175 and M185, there is no difference between the two in terms of size and functionality, they are basically the same pieces with color variations. 

+ Nice buy. Recommended. I don't want to write anything more but this stupid flipkart review template is asking me to write atleast 100 characters in my review. how fair is that?

+ Compact and Smooth. It has been 6 months since I have bought this mouse. So far my verdict is excellent. I bought this mouse after browsing through a lot of wireless mouses in flipkart. Read the reviews, which were encouraging and also it was damn cheap in comparison to others (got it for 759). Flipkart delivery was as usual exceptional. It was actually delivered 1 day before it was supposed to be. Packaging was excellent, wrapped neatly in bubble cover. Connecting it to my pc/laptop was just a piece of cake. Battery were included with the package. Just insert the bluetooth sensor in usb port, turn the mouse on(from the back) and you are good to go. It also supports USB hub, so no issue there. The USB sensor can be neatly tucked into the backside, so it doesn't get lost. Sensor has been smooth. Works on any surface flawlessly.... table, cardboard, bed, floor, even glass. You can easily turn off the mouse if you dont want to use it. It also has auto cut-off when you turn off your pc/laptop.So no wastage of battery My previous experience with wireless mouse & keyboard was horrible (Frontech sucks!!!). So I was bit apprehensive while buying this one. But this little gem of a mouse has been superb so far. Truly value for money.....an absolute steal in this price. My only concern was that after I bought this mouse, within 7 days the price came down to 650, and now its even less. Well you can't have everything in your life........ Buy this mouse without any hesitation!!!!! 

+ Value Function. Good Vanilla Mouse. Promises what it supposed to be. No fashion statement. No exclusive features - 3 buttons and vscroll finishes the list. Purely Functional. It has a good range which makes it usable when the laptop is connected to the tv and you use the mouse from the couch. No visible light means you know the mouse is up and running only by moving the pointer. But: one wouldn't mind that as the objective is that. No visible light, also, means a lot of comfort in the dark for some users. Design: Good. It is comfortable and lightweight. The size is not too small and nicely fits inside the hand. The curves are comfortable and easily accommodates different holding positions for different users at home. Not too big - nicely tucks itself inside in some corner of my 15" laptop backpack. Build: Sturdy. Nice manufacturing. Lives up to the expectation. Recommended for: People who need a quality comfortable mouse for use with their laptops/desktops in a good budget and are not expecting any fashion. 

+ Review: Logitech B175 Wireless Mouse. Never ever before have I recieved the product so early in my life. Ordered it at night 2320 hrs and got the product in my hands by next afternoon 1530. Pros: 1. Good build quality. 2. Mouse has unifying symbol on it so it means that in future if I purchase a keyboard with unifying USB reciever then I would have no problems using this mouse paired with the keyboard. 3. One AA battery inside so didn't have to run around searching for battery when I received the product. Cons: 1. The usb receiver is not marked with the unifying symbol so I doubt if that can be programmed for my other keyboard. 

+ Awsome Book !!! Really a nice one ..... i will recommend this to all those who are appearing for any competitive exam :) Received the book in just 1 day of ordering.. Excellent packaging and book is also really good, There is a difference between "just preparing" for an exam, and "preparing to achieve the topmost score" in an exam. In case you want to just prepare, this book is okay. It will give you sufficient questions. But if you really want to crack all written tests well and make it to the top, then ARUN SHARMA is the author you should refer to. He gives amazingly explained concepts and very good questions, which will surely help you in clearing any written test you sit for. Refer to his CAT books on Flipkart itself. It will take you places, I guarantee that.

+ Good for the people who has prior knowledge In most of the competitive exams the syllabus will be too huge and Quantitative aptitude will be a part of it, the book covers almost all concepts related to quantitative aptitude in detail, but the book is quite bulky, it would be still good it it stands in between Shakuntala devi puzzles and this quantitative aptitude book, there are too many questions of similar kind, which is a almost a repitition, it would be better,  if we have 10-12 problems in each chapter which would cover all the concepts of the chapter, which will help the students to revice the book again and again,here since the book is huge, it will be very difficult to complete it and revision is again a problem, but the book is very good content wise. 

+ Flipkart Rocks! Flipkart delivers as said! I started trusting online shopping only through flipkart.. looking forward to buy more! They deliver the best quality and perfectly on time with personalised courier service. They also obliged me to go to atm to draw money and give them.. ! FLIPKART ROCKS!! 

+ Online best deal I found. I bought two copies of this book for my friends.. they are happy with it... They desperately wanted the this book at low rates. Thanks to Flipkart for making It available for cheaper rates... Good packing of the good and the faster delivery. Im quite Impressed with Flipkart Keep it up Flipkart. 

+ Good Aptitude book!!!!! Because of this quantitative aptitude book i cleared CWE clerical cadre in IBPS(2011) so thanking you sir!!!!!!!Lot's of examples have been given. Even i didn't take coaching but i cleared my examination !!! really thankful to you sir!!!! 

+ Smaller than your smartphone Product: Pros: This is a cute little thing, black, matt finish, 11cm x 7cm x 1.2 cm, it will easily fit into your jeans pocket without discomfort. Transfer speed - average 45 mbps to 85 mbps from the hard drive of your computer, average 30-35 mbps from another seagate external hard disc. 931 GB available space. Con: The only con is the USB connecting cable is short, a bigger cable would be better. Flipkart: This was my first trial of - "In-a-day Guarantee Delivery". I ordered the proudct from Kolkata on Friday around 5:30 using my mobile Flipkart App (a great app on its own) the product was delivered to me on Saturday around 8:00 PM - I would rather wear 10 hats to just take them off for Flipkart and bow.

+ Awesome $ Compact hard drive for usb 3.0 its a nice hardrive i have ever purchased from flipkart . its size is perfect which will fit in your pocket perfectly . design wise it is very slim handy sleek $ cute hard drive . i had purchage it at 4800 rs. its usb cable is as long, you can connect to your device . i had got 931 gb of space out of 1tb as well in my indernal 1tb hard drive of seagate. it gives average 25to 30 mbps writing speed and 35 to 40mbps reding speed on usb2.0. in usb 3.0 it gives averagly 50 mbps speed im not satisfied with this product .  after some days its speed goes straightly down the hill from 105 to 40 mbps in usb 3.0 and flipkart has not taken any action of my replacement so in the first time i fond this misbehaviour from flipkart  

+ Excellent Device!! I would recommend this!!I have purchased through Flip-kart and using this device for more than 6 months. Good device to go with. I have no issues regarding this product. I would recommend this to my friends and family.Thank you 

+ Seagate EHD......really slim EHD is slim, lightweight, and faster than average so nice product.

+ Wallet size - slim - fastest copy Actual Space 931GB 100 GB copied in 55 minutes with my HP Ultra sleek book Laptop (I3 Processor) Slim & wallet sized. Though its a 1TB HDD u might want more... 

+ Very Good TV, No Less Than Premium brands like Samsung & Sony.Its a very good TV. I was thinking to buy it or not because of its low fame.Later, i decided to buy it.I received it within a day.When i unboxed the TV & connected to my set up box, It was WOW.Superb Clarity, Good features & nice Build. An amazing & best TV in the 40" inch LED Category. I would really recommend it to others.. Always Don't Buy a Brand Product, Buy a Good Specification Product. 

+ Vu - 40" BEAST!!! You wont be disappointed!Like many, before buying a LED TV i researched a lot. Major factors to me where the pricing and the quality. I wasn't interested in going for HD ready and that's when i stumbled upon Vu TVs. Initially i was skeptical about going for a relatively new TV but i got it today and its excellent! It is exactly as advertised.... So let me list out the pros and consPro 1. Value for Money! I mean... A Full HD 40" TV at 23k is a killer deal! 2. Picture Quality- Its really good. I couldn't see much of a difference between Vu and my 32" Sony Smart TV. 3. Design - Slim and Sleek design 4. Delivery- I read other reviews were they complained about deliver and installation. But for me the delivery happened on time and the installation guy came in the next 30 min(Seriously!) Cons( I'm gonna list all the minor details in this) 1. User Interface- The TVs user interface and the graphics look bland. 2. Sound- Although i had no issues with the sound as such but compared to the Sony's adSamsung's, the sound quality is okay at best. 3. No Universal Remote Syncing. You cannot Sync it to your Airtel DTH/Tata Sky Remote. Thats about it. If you want to enjoy a beast of a Full HD TV without burning a hole in your pocket i suggest you go for this!! 

+ Awesome TV for this price - Better than my SONY 32'' LED TV I have bought this TV through Flipkart. It got delivered in 27 hours. While comparing with my SONY 32'' LED TV this gives me more crispier picture and sound. I was bit scared to go with this new brand but now I am satisfied with this product. Pros:Sound quality is good (Being 10 x 15 feet room).Excellent picture quality with HD channels.2 USB and 2 HDMI. Panel quality is good.Very thin panel Quality remote - not required to point on sensor. Getting clear picture even in 4 feet. Cons:Normal sound quality on Headphone Jack No Sync of remote with DTH. Don't spend too much on other TV's while we are getting best quality for low price. Just go for this TV eye closed. I have been using this TV for past 45 days. I will edit this review if any updates. 

+ Product is very good I have ordered this product on 15th july and got delivered on 16th july at 1:30pm and very next hour i have got call from installation team and product got installed at 3pm.They dint charge single penny from me, since as it is mentioned in flikpart portal saying installation of the product with demo will be free of cost. Suggestions: Please get this product installed on wall mount, to get better look with better sound effect.Better to use power stabilizer to avoid any damage due to power fluctuations

+ Very good TV for the price paid First thing: Excellent service from Flipkart. Whole process from Purchase to installation Just took two days. TV is excellent for the most part except say sound quality(I would say good only). Ergonomics are weak spot too. But that's just me who uses 2 HDMI ports & 2 USB ports all the time. It would only bring you smiles when you see picture quality & Size compared to the price you spent. P.S: Bought it on BigBillion day and the price is just 18240/- I own a Samsung 46" inch 3D TV and Micromax 32" inch and this is my third purchase in last three years hmm never regretted with any of them. I was a brand Junkie earlier and only realized that i am spending too much money than friends living in USA and still getting peanuts for the amount i pay. This is definitely a better purchase than Sony or other major players and i.e., just for me. You will never go wrong with this TV at-least.

+ Ahmedabad Cotton Bedsheet Looks Elegant and quality is good .We need to after first wash the quality retain or not. Design is as shown in the portal.No changes Color is also same 

+ its beautiful its really suitable for a double bed!! i would suggest anyone to buy it .and its a beautiful thing to present it to your friends !! completely satisfied!! 

+ Design is very good...awesome Quality, I will give 6.5 out of 10. Design, 10 out of 10. Price was also okay, I bought it for 575/-. Price seems little high...as during offer it reduced to 499/-

+ perfect for gifting someone Thanks to flipkart for delivering the product at the correct time. I thought it wouldnot come quickly. But, it had come. The product quality is good, perfect for gifting on wedding occassions.

+ Fabuluos This is one amazing deal love to buy more and more of this fabulous cotton bedsheet( paisa vasul) and i def recommend anybody to buy this awesome product 

+ Good price I always use this for my daughter.Product is definitely good.Flipkart price is good and delivery is always best. Would like to purchase in the future provided the price remains the same.Just to mention flipkart price is not the cheapest... 

+ Mamy poko paints good product I am using this product for my baby since 1 years. This is good product & easy to purchase from flip kart. 

+ mamy poko pants It was a great experience! First time I had ordered anything online. And the delivery was superfast!!!!! And also nicely packed without any damage! Flipkart rocks!!!!! I have fallen in love with flipkart!!!!!?? 

+ Impressive Stuff I've been an ardent fan of pampers & did not explore any other brands on my baby every since. I did order Huggies during the Big Billion Day sale and I wasn't too happy. My baby developed a red patch on the skin in the inner thighs. This was not a rash though and I discarded the entire pack of diapers. I am thinking they were from an older stock/poor quality. Mamy Poko Pants (MPP) has been very good. It is also bigger than Pampers on the same size band and I've never noticed leaks in MPP. Some days (esp in Summer) I did notice leaks in Pampers but MPP has been amazing. Highly recommend. It is also more colorful in terms of the design. 

+ as always excellent ............. prompt delivery, best price among competetors.....excellent quality...what more to expect i'll surely recommend this ...........

+ Awesome product Hi guys.. I am not a regular online purchaser. But if i purchase something i would use flipkart only and nothing else. At times i feel that these guys charge a bit more(but perfect quality and packing) but this product was bought by me in a discounted price. Let me tell you about this product, Its a wonderful product. Many people might have doubts how to register this product in philips site because the serial number given in the main box is actually not the correct one. I found it by browsing a few sites. Finally came to know about it and thought i could share as you guys should not have the difficulty. Steps: (only for QT4005) 1. Take out the trimmer in hand and turn it the other side where you have the "philips" logo. 2. You will find a four digit numbers after NL.. i.e NLXXXXAD-4. 3. The place where i have marked XXXX is actually the 4 digit serial number. You have to enter it in the philips site to complete the registration. Regarding the product, Am loving it :)

+ Branded Trimmer - Bought for just 850 Rupees!!! Guess a lot of you know about 'flipkart students offer'. Get that. Use it. You will be able to buy for around 850 bucks. Three years warranty for products is available. Performance is really good - used only once till now. Flawless.

+ Very Good Product Philips QT4019 Trimmer I used before was a little bulky and the power button was on the side which was an inconvenience. But the QT4005/15 was a beauty. The look itself was awesome. Slim and everything on the right position. The sound is also a bit smoother. I got a perfect even trim and it was perfectly smooth on the face. The 20 level adjust option is absolutely cool. The price is quite reasonable compared to cut throat price of Panasonic or Hitachi. Overall very good product and the free extra warranty via online registration is super cool. And FlipKart. Very good service. I purchased another product before and it did not meet my expectations. So I called flipkart and asked for a replacement with any product. They immediately refunded my amount to flipkart e-wallet and took back the return on time. Then I purchased two of this Philips QT4005/15 Trimmer with the cash in e-wallet, one for my friend as he fall in love with this trimmer.

+ Very nice nice product from philips Its a good product from Philips comes with 3 year warranty firstly i had problem in finding the serial number to register online i call Philips customer support they told that its written on the back of the trimmer itself below the Philips logo in format NL 0000AD-4 where zeros stands for number while registering online you only have to enter the numbers(0000) not the whole alphanumeric part(NL 0000AD-4) it worked for me. I am satisfied by the quality of product and flipkart service. 

+ Amaazing :D Ordered this on the 7th when the shipping period stated was 9-11 days. Got it toady :D Happy with the delivery. And the product is pretty good, almost gives you a shave like experience with the .5mm setting and has an attachment for French Cut Beards and helps to maintain a Stubble properly. :D 

+ A great buy Needed an 8gb memory card for my galaxy mini phone so i bought this. Writing Speed: 7.3 MB/s Reading Speed: 16.9 MB/s Tested on my phone using SD Tools Awesome delivery service from Flipkart! You guys rock. I hope to see apparels too in the future... 

+ in 1 word - "Awesome"!! I researched for SanDisk MicroSDHC 8GB Class 4 in various websites, but it's cheapest here..I got it delivered to my doorstep in just 3days.. expected delivery was 5-6 days.. Like the previous purchases, this time also flipkart provided safe packing. Regarding the Memory Card, It's best in MicroSDHC criteria. better than my previous card 4GB Transcend with respect to Response & Transfer rate. Write & Copy Speed is superbly increased in my mobile Nokia E71. Hope filpkart will contain more categories like computer peripherals in future. 

+ Good product This memory card is awesome.It Works up in all mobiles.No need to worry for it for 5 yrs as it is has 5 year warranty.It gives good speed.I would like to thank flipkart for such a fast delivery{just 2 days} 

+ Good product and Excellent service!!! Very good product....nice speed and its compatibility is awesome with mobiles...also product customer care is good Product is good and Service was Excellent!!! 

+ Good Product I got this free from Flipkart with my Galaxy Phone.. so its good. We Indians love FREE things so no complains. 

+ its a blast.....5 star the phone is much more than i expected...it has an awesome metal body and has a good feel in had....the graphics is excellent and games work outstanding...the camera is also superb ....the sound clarity is much more than the other phones in the segment...the phone is so fast and there is no lag ....and theres a lot of space in phone memory...the finger print sensor is pretty fast and recognises so well... and the features is awesome in this phone and is any one planning to buy a phone in this segment go for it..... its a great deal for the price and its more than worth.... and i rate 5 star for the product 

+ Pretty Good phone First Impressions: very very familiar looking UI(read ios), camera takes decent pictures indoor, very good pictures outdoor fingerprint scanner accurate (9/10) times and quick too light weight. games are a breeze on this handset. lovely product ! ps: on first boot available ram is around 900mb-1.2gb , do a factory reset to release more ram. 

+ Long Wait is Over!! Awesome Product Le1s is the best mobile i have seen sofar. This product has all required features. Le1s is positioned better price, infact they are selling lesser price than manufacturing price. Premium build quality. Excellent Camera[ It captures the shots within fraction of seconds] High performance Fingerprint scanner USBType C Remote Control Both SIM supports 4G network Excellent Screen.. We should not expect more than this for 10K price.

+ the true super phone letv le le le !!!! Great phone Truly amazing everything from like a to z OK here are my key findings 1. Display - great 2. Camera-average 3. Battery- good 4. Looks-stunning 5. Heating-moderate 6. Performance-a killer super phone 7. Value for money- definitely So anyone looking for a phone with everything in a budget segment than this is surely yours without doubt And one more thing the display is smudge proof Indeed a killer note !!!!! Thanks for reading and may god guide you 

+ #Superphone If anyone having any problem with screen brightness or heating, just Reset the phone once.Even most of the bugs will be solved after this.The camera is not that bad as I have read in many reviews(Use tap to focus for and hold on for a sec for better pics). Display 10/10 Performance 10/10 Sound O/p 8/10 Battery 7.5/10 Camera 7/10 Fast charging 9/10 Looks 10/10 Build Quality 10/10 Verdict - You cannot ask more for a 11k phone and can compete with any 20k phone in the market. 

+ Don't be worried for Warranty, all works well. I am not going to write on the camera cons & pros, most of you know these, I'm writing about the Warranty issue, first i was also in a fix, there is NO issues in registering the product, I REGISTERED my product (EOS 1200D) successfully & also received 2yrs of Warranty, Yes the product was made in Taiwan, but no issue of Warranty coverage. For the camera serial number printed on your invoice you have to remove 2 numbers from beginning & then register your product. If you don't remove it will show an invalid serial number message to you. Go Ahead & purchase this product, don't WORRY for WARRANTY.

+ Great camera I have always been fascinated with good photographs and have ever since college, wanted a DSLR that would do justice to the moment I am having the opportunity to indulge in. EOS 1200D does exactly that; I am new to photography and have tried out several manual tweaks; results are stunning life like reproductions of the view; the intelligent auto mode will click pictures like the photographer were a professional. Best part is the dual lens combo: 18-55 & 55-250; selective focus, intelligent background blur, great full auto, finish and speed. Perfect. Only minor improvement possible on the deal is the bag and memory card. Bag is a bit small and memory card could have more storage; but both of these can be easily fixed by buying new bag and memory card; the bag however does fit my camera body, both lenses, data cable, and charger. Long story short, if you love great cameras and have a desire to capture life like moments, EOS 1200D is the machine you need. Buy it now. 

+ WS Retail - Canon 1200d Kit DSLR Pros 1. Received the product before actual delivery date. 2. Worried about the lens but packing was excellent. 3. Dual lens is good for new users. Cons 1. Camera Bag is not adequate to fit the whole kit

+ Worth my money This product was delivered on time in a perfect condition . I am loving the camera and canon provides a free training course for those who newly purchased camera. tis course is definitely worth. Camera has fantastic exposure, shutter, and clarity. definitely good for amateur photographers. 

+ Good Stuff After a lot of research I decided to order Cannon 1200D kit (EF S18-55 IS II + 55-250 mm IS II). I am new user so I will not talk about the functionalities, but the product looks great. The packing was excellent as expected being a WS Retail product. Delivery was in day and no issues with the same either. If you are new user and deciding between options I would say just go for this, it is excellent product and no hassles whatsoever, warranty is also included. Cheers Happy Clicking. 

+ Best Budget Laptop with great design ! Pros: 1 TB hard disk at low price. 4 GB RAM. Windows 10, Edge and Cortana is simply awesome. Great built, I mean cross brush pattern at back and keybard bulit is too good. and last look up the weight only 2.19 Kg so ultra light..u will not get that much lighter laptop with the same price and specs Cons: Speaker at bottom..difficult to hear under the bed. No bag is provided 

+ Good budget option. Pros : For 27k this is the best you can get. 1TB Hard Disk, 4GB RAM, Windows 10, and AMD APU A8. Good one. Cons : No backlit keys, Speakers placed at the bottom Other than the above mentioned cons, overall a nice product, 

+ awesome product at awesome price point I received my new notebook within 2 days of ordering. The package was well protected and safely packaged. The lappy took about 45-50 minutes for the intial setup. Pros: 1. Win10 offers smooth experience 2. looks premium with its cross brush design. 3. 1 TB space for the stuff I use regularly. 4. the lappy feels cool even after continuous usage of 7-8 hours. 5. Though it is 4 cell battery but offers 4-5 hours continuous browsing over wifi Cons: 1. The screen could have been better. Overall a go for it product.

+ Good Product ! I purchased this laptop at Rs. 25690. I must say first of all that i was impressed by its body build when i first opened this laptop. The touch paid quality is also good. The performance of the laptop is also upto the mark. I think anybody can buy, it will satisfy everybody's needs. Only cons I say is the speakers are placed at bottom. and please remember that you people have to buy laptop bag separately, it comes for around 500-550.

+ well, Best budget laptop I'm fully satisfied with this laptop. After checking all the reviews I had ordered it and believe me they delivered it very fast within 3 days .when i first opened the box i was surprised to see the design because in pictures it was not fully visible and even its light compared to other laptop. If we consider the performance of this laptop you are not gonna regret because it handles all the basic needs fluently , even i tried playing some games (since i love to play games) and it didn't disappoint me. I've tried playing far cry 3 and assassin creed rogue which are graphic intensive games and it played them all from medium to high settings. so here is my advise if you want a budget laptop in this price range with windows 10 along with all round performance then it may be the right choice.

+ Packing superb packing was really really very good and safe enough and purifier is nice continue with good work!!! regards MANJARI PERUMANDLA 

+ Good product..great price I gifted this water purifier to my parents and they just loved it. Now, they do nothave to boil the water anymore. The price at which it is available on Flipkart is competitive. What is really amazing about this purchase is...reasonable pricing without compromising on quality. 

+ Good Product was well packed. Received on time. Gifted someone and asked after that 2/4 time regarding the product... they are using it fine..... no problem with the product received... Thank you flipkart.

+ money worthy quality cheaper than good purifier as d rate....good things r portable...easy to wash....bad thing z water purification average 

+ Working good Read the manual, install it, and forget about it :) thats how it works. its really good, and have no water problems since installation 

+ Calculator for engineers This calculator is a perfect companion for engineering students. Its natural display makes it the best scientific calculator in the market. The product was delivered to in 3 days. I'm really happy and satisfied with the service of flipkart. 

+ Simply Best Calculator I was using Casio fx991 ES earlier. This is an upgraded version of that CalC and hence it is sx991 ES Plus. This CalC is allowed allowed in almost all other universities as it is non-programmable.  It is very handy to use, display is perfect and also, I can see some upgrades in simplifying Complex numbers and Vector calculations. Best part is its UI. Very easy and readable/Writeable UI with real life appearance.  Equation solving, integrations, differentiations can also be done easily.  Battery Life, Design, Look are excellent. If you're doing Engineering and want to buy a Calculator, this product is best for you.

+ Awesome Calci for Engineering Students If you are an engineering student, then just go for this blindly. You wont ever regret for going with this. Solving complicated equations are very easy in this provided you have the knowledge of basic features of the functions in this calci.

+ Excellent product Must for all engineering aspirants. Makes all types of calculations very easy and fast. The big display is bright and clear with added advantage of textbook like fonts. The keys are little flimsy though. This time flipkart was little miser in packaging the product properly. 

+ good mini computer,best for science/technical students pros: (1)good keypad,large bright display (2)many inbuilt functions (3)excellent computation speed (4)solar power,dual power cons:(1)no memory saving option for user (2)better if aaa/aa battery used 

+ Excellent :) Looked appealing by picture, but even more appealing when I got it. The leather finish is fabulous and will definitely last long compared to other wallets. Came in a nice packaging and delivery was also quite quick.. Overall I loved this product.. This can be a nice gift for men from their sisters/wives. 

+ Great Wallet I'm the kind of guy who keeps a lot of business cards, and 3 debit cards and a personal coin collection in my wallet, Ironically no cash XD XD XD but for 359 rupees its quality and its ability to hold my stuff together is awesome!!! i would say go for it, if you are not a brand junkie

+ superb really superb product i refered to my friend to buy this product,he is also using same wallet he is also said to me nice buddy...................quality also superb

+ Very nice and lot of space for cards I ordered this wallet with question of quality in my mind. But it is very good looking and nice quality. Once I started using it, I felt that I made good choice.

+ Good One.. Quality is good, got it for a good price as well, material seems to be genuine leather.. Delivery was fast and accurate..

+ Very useful belt This is very useful belt. Since my wrist was fractured and this is very helpful to wear using my one hand. Thanks to flipkart for such a good product. This is very helpful to every one as well.. Thanks to Flipkart

+ OTLS Very good product at a reasonable price thank you..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

+ excellent quality,fabric,size,color,buckle= excellent. highly satisfied full marks to flipkart.good buy must buy 

+ As described in photo and description product is same as shown in photo and description. Good product for. Waist upto 34. Fast delivery too ! 

+ Good product Good product, this serves my need which is a low cost belt for everyday use. I use it primarily for my cargo shorts and jeans. The belt is the right length.

+ Superb Definitely best low range perfume or whatever you call it. Nice smell , hats off to AXE, very distinguish smells form other " aqua" category perfumes/ deos. And what to say of packing....!! Black gives it a masculine look beyond this world. Many people will love this " Mysterious" one, and I guess it is best among all ( I haven't tried intense yet). Overall great product great price, strong and great quality. Usually lasts for 3-4 hours. Flikart don't need any reviews, always good. Getting to other options in signature collection I didn't like "Rouge". " Sauve" was good, light fragrance not strong, starts with a light fruity smell with a little spicy, then turns to floral like a talc. But if you think that people would cling you once you pass by then sorry guys " Sauve" is not for that. " mysterious" can do it but if applied in bulk. 

+ Always Axe Body perfume by Axe is always good. Pricing to be still better. Axe Signature is a mild perfume and is good. Stays for 2 hrs.

+ Very Good Product Long lasting smell , good product,good packing ...would recommend at the price tag being sold..and delivery on time 

+ Axe Game Smell super cool, flipkart delivery very quick, just go for it if you love light fragrance. i ordered it here bit expansive but no regrets will go again for it

+ Great!!! Flipkart.com stood by its name where delivery is concerned.... Very unique fragrance.... but i would still recommend users to buy it from a shop around you as the discounted price gain includes shipping charges... all in all very good for office or college use...

+ Just Loved it... Recieved the product as it was displayed on the website. The color, the material and the quality of the saree are just wow. The pricing of the product is worth for such a wonderful saree. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to buy it at such a low price

+ good one The combination of colors is quite attractive. The quality of the material is not that good but it can be worn for daily purposes. You can go for it if quality is not a big deal for you. 

+ very good the sarry is nice to wear, it is made by good material, colour is same as shown in picture, i like his product very much, flip karts delivery is faster than expected, hope to buy more 

+ nice product first time when i received this product i have seen that product is not upto the mark and fabric is not good after seeing the product i replace it now flip cart had delivered new product and it is good one

+ good one....The saree looks good, weighs less, more comfortable to wear .....the material is not so good.... but definitely not bad...

+ nice charger nice charger uptill now working fine. CAN SUGGEST IF ANY BODY IS INTERESTED. REST ALL REVIEW I WILL GIVE AFTER FULL FLEDGE USE 

+ Power Ace PRP10400A A good Power Bank, can charge a 2200 mAh Battery upto 3 & half time. 

+ Good buy!! The product is good. I am using it to charge my smart phone. When 100% charged it recharges my phone 4 times which is pretty good.

+ good piece giving 3.5 times of charge output (my battry capacity is 2100mah) any one can buy it...................................................................

+ Can charge my phone thrice to the fullest once its full charged, i can charge my phone 3 times, excellent power backup and flash light is a plus point 

+ Awesome Product... Highly Satisfied. Guys, It is an awesome product. I want to give it 10 stars out 5. Here Are Some Pros - Excellent Sound Quality Genuine Quality Bass Perfect Size Killer Looks And Build Quality Amazing Price (Got It for Rs. 650 At Everyday Deals of Flipkart) Guys I got it for Rs. 650, So it is a jackpot for me, but trust me guys it is best for the current price also ( Rs. 990) Don't think, just go for it. You will love it. 

+ Lovely I thought I can carry in my laptop bag but this is far too big. Great sound and too good for the price I paid. If you are planning to install in house then buy it.

+ Superb Speaker Its really good built quality, superb sound, USB powered !! Knob to change volume which is not available in most of USB powered speakers.. Really worth for the money. I am using this for past 6 months, so don't worry its really good :) Price range to be 850-950. 

+ good product. This is really good product. i was expecting bit lower quality in this price...but i m extremely happy after listening music quality. 

+ Good & Clear soung Good piece compared at this price. Elegantly designed and quite clear in sounds. Its a smart thing to keep at home study or home office.

+ Product is good the material and the product is very good...........................had a great experience.......i sugeest my friends and family shop from flipkart .

+ Good ! It is same as picture! And Quality also good!

+ Excellent Wife bought this...good fashionable print....good fabric...sort of Indo-Western fusion.......................................................

+ delighted This was my birthday gift... N I absolutely love it... it's really awesome from appearance to quality... thank you flipkart

+ Trendy & Cool Love this trendy kurti. Material was good enough. Nice print. Color of the kurti same as shown (not dull black). Chain was good. Fabric is Georgette & soft. Fast delivery as expected from Flipkart! :D Thank You FK! 

+ Just Bought it This review is for non technical people... YES it works with several OS like win 7 , Mac to Linux Just format it from FAT(file allocation table) to NTFS. after doing so, OBSERVE transferring speed it woulds at least get 40 < mbps 

+ superfast nice speed on usb 3.0 speed limit 20mbps upto 45mbps(writting) and 90mbps up (reading). LED Indicator ***Yes*** 

+ A PRODUCT WHICH MAKE MUCH BELIEVE TO BUY ANOTHER ONE It's a super product, too much efficient and very fast & furious work.I'm really satisfied by the product's fabulous work. It gives high speed how a Man Eater Monster which can't give time to think what can we do in front of him. So,i recommended to this ultra product.

+ Best value for money pendrive! I personally have a Kingston 8GB but i needed another 16GB so i thought of buying another Kingston but this SanDisk pendrive caught my attention and i received it just yesterday. This pendrive truly is very fast indeed! Both read and write speeds are 30MB/sec which is 6x more than my Kingston one which gives 5MB/sec. I just want to rectify a small mistake which is there in the specs, it DOES have a RED LED indicator. And I am really more than happy to buy this pendrive from flipkart :D 

+ awesome device.. firstly thankful to flipkart for discount got this pendrive in just 414/- compare to amazon snapdeal.. abt device itjst run awesome with faster speed...

+ Great product I got this delivery promptly. The Keyboard and mouse are excellent. I've used it for many months now and it is one the best keyboards I've used. The blue color of the lettering is very pleasing and the tactile sense of the keys is excellent. The mouse is also very good. No issues at all. Would highly recommend this product. 

+ Excellent Keyboard Its Awesome ... very Nice Super i loved It I am Using this Product arround 1 year its super Working Worth Buying this Product 

+ beautiful as well as best working product This keyboard is very sleeky n slim n blue shades make it so petty.. I love this product as Logitech makes unchallenging quality products n they look wonderful too.. Tq Logitech n flipkart. Delivery was far before the estimated time n its a happy thing.

+ plug and play I am using this keyboard mouse combo with my rapsberry pi board and it is working perfectly without any additional update/installs. Thought the keyboard is not as smooth as i expected it to be.

+ Awesome I am using this combo and I will say its awesome product, I will recommend it for sure. although this product was delivered a little bit late but that was expected due to big billion sale in flipcart 

+ Very Good Product! I have received the product on time and the quality is just awesome! i recommand you that product, but the size may not be has big as you wish, for me it was okay, check the specifications to know about size. 

+ Prestige Omega Select Plus BYK Non Stick Pan, Tawa, Kadhai Set Products delivered fast and in good condition as advertised with the discount.Very economic for normal gas oven or electric heater cooking, but not for induction ovens. 

+ Good one It is good product. I have used for around 6 months. Kadhai is very big and fry pan too and it is induction safe. I only don't like tava as it is very short. It is non stick. Lid is bit good.Handle is ok. And price is ok 

+ very good product Prestige Omega Select Plus BYK Non Stick Pan, Tawa, Kadhai Set... very good product....within better price...i got it in 1200....go for it... 

+ best Very good price and good product .it is cheap than other app 

+ Works with all games and on windows 7 like a charm. First of all, the service flipkart offers is awesome. Ordered it on 29th last month (saturday). Tracked the shipment every now and then, it was dispatched on the same day of the order. And received it completely packed(bubble wrap and all) on Monday afternoon. Coming to the product, mainly bought it for playing FIFA 12 and the likes and a few racing games, works well without any need of installing other cumbersome drivers from vigorous searching on google. All in all, a complete WIN at the price.

+ AWESOME FOR ITS PRICE Bought this to play Don Bradman Cricket 14...works like a charm... Also tested on many games...and everything works just fine...FIFA 14, AC BLACK FLAG, BATTLEFIELD 4, etc... Certainly the best gamepad at this price.. Only concern is its longevity...lets see how many days it works like its doing now...

+ Worth The Price Playing Don Bradman Cricket PES 2014 NFS MW 2012 tried almost all games in my laptop and its all working fine,the best part is the vibration :) and no drivers needed for Win 7 or 8.Just Plug & Play. Build is plastic and some keys gets stuck in between,but not an issue.Totally worth the price.Must buy if you wanna a cheap and good controller.

+ Awesome gamepad.... awesome gamepad in its range, i have checked in crysis 2,fifa 12,carbon,most wanted 2012 and pop forgotten sands, it works very smooth. vibration work good. i am using windows 8 pro,no problem with drivers which i was afraid of !! thnx flipkart. 

+ Sturdy, Nothing falls short Very sturdy and well made, button travel is good. Could have been better for the direction buttons. The dual analogs are responsive yet tight enough. About compatibility. I've only tried it with shift 2 unleashed. and vibration etc etc works fine. can be mapped. For games that aren't compatible with this controller one can use x360ce. And for games with zero support theres XPadder. The only thing to be seen, is how long it lasts. But for this price even a year is great.

+ Simply outstanding, beautiful The author of this book wrote only one novel (which is this) and went into a hermetically sealed state, with not much of publicity or interviews or public interaction. Not hard to understand why, the novel speaks for itself, it's pure genius. It has a refreshing and fresh quality about it even though it's a tale about exploitation and its sordid ways. I've read a lot, but this novel touched in ways very few novels or stories have done or can do. 

+ A mus read book!!! This is a must read book!A really touching classic !!Away from the typical style of modern novels !!! truly an old classic Don't think before buying this book 

+ "It is a sin to kill a mockingbird" an absolutely fantastic book, written from the eyes of a child. the innocent eyes of a child does not simply understand all the idiotic stuff we grown ups do. a must read to all who enjoy great storytelling. 

+ A GOOD READ... HEARD ONLY GOOD THINGS ABOUT THIS BOOK and wanted to read as well. When saw the discount and free delivery i preferred to place the order. :) book warms keep your eyes open for free delivery and discount offers... 

+ a decent novel It's a beautiful and funny novel and from the eyes of scout it's so innocent.it's worth a read. 

+ Share this Secret!! Yeah, you heard me right. The Secret is one of the amazing books that I have come across. Its a book which could turn your life upside down, in a good way i mean. ;) This hard cover edition feels good in hands & to read. The hardcover makes it more durable. The delivery by Flipkart like always was neat & on time!! :) 

+ Hindi version Great book..... This book is a hindi version for THE SECRET. Law of Attraction reaily works in every body's life 

+ excellent book About The Delivery The book was received in excellent condition and that too before the expected delivery date About the book The book is amazing and a must read for all. Amazing Book. 

+ One of the best books I have read "The Secret" by Rhonda Byrne is a book that teaches you to look at the optimistic side of life.It is a book that is worth reading.It is a very good book.

+ this complete guide for success - scientific this book I have brought six months before, slowly I was reading this. this book establish the need for having positive thinking, be joyful, feel bliss, be present and love everything. and this was same thing Krishna teaches to Arjuna in mahabaratham. as book teaches, read it slowly, experiment each suggestion, then enjoy, appreciate and make as habit. at last you will be the most successful and happiest.

- Disappointed. Very poor quality stuff. Unlikely to be genuine adidas brand. Threads sticking out after single use.
- Came with only 2 pairs inside instead of 3. And the logos seemed weird. One of the pairs was even dirty
- Quality is very bad, as it is cheap.I think it is not original Adidas. Famous brand never compromise with the quality.
- The fabric is not great as expected especially the white one.
- Horrible quality. Did not expect Wilson to be this way. Firstly, the balls are quite hard and small, they don't bounce much, they don't smell like new tennis balls (they are news though). Would not recommend it to anyone.
- Product is flimsy , the Velcro at the back is not of good quality and will slip from your face when you put your helmet on.
- not good...
- Quality was not good
- No quality
- Not a high quality product neither the fitting is good unless you have big fat face.
- cheap quality of cables mine didnt even last for 2 days
- its very low performance product, not at all suitable for boys. It suits for small exercises for girls and kids.
- I used it for one week thn its rubber broken... Bad product don't go for it...
- Fitting is not so good.
- The quality of product is poor and it has been torn after 10 days of wearing continuously. It was a defective product
- Not satisfied with its quality.....price is much higher in comparision to its quality...bad product
- Product is not as shown nither its a good product. If you don't take care you might lose money from the wallet. Cheated product. Not recomended to any one.
- doesn't look the same as it does in the display picture.
- Bad quality and can't even return it. Your return policy is so tideous, you should get it picked up if we want to return instead of asking us to courier it. Will not use it, but just keep it.
- Extremely low quality. Its worth around Rs.150 only. Don't buy this. Dear Amazon please try to ensure product quality first.
- Please don't but it the quality was very poor and i don't recommend it for anyone it was not as shown in the picture, and it was very dime in color I bought it for Rs.299, amazon should never sell these kind of product
- Color is different when compare to actual piece , not worthy too ordinary..
- Do not buy this product. It is duplicate
- waste product,vary from the image.
- Not worth the money
- worst product
- Poor quality
- Defective design,very poor quality material, only 1 main chain not at all useful!! A complete waste of money!! How can such a poor quality product be a BestSeller at Amazon??
- it s very bad looking is different and physically it is totally different
- Quality is damn bad and do not recommend for others.
- Very bad product
- waste of money
- The shoe has a very cheap quality sole and are not very comfortable to wear. Not worth the price paid for, hope it lasts for atleast six months
- Worst packing I placed order for 9 size received order of 6 wrost deal I have ever done
- Quality is poor
- Very poor quality. Don't purchase it.
- Bad product.I recieved yesterday at that some time i had checked this watch.That time watch not working.Totally west of money.Dn't buy this...
- bad quality...original product is not reaching home...
- Don't buy. Wast of money. And no one reply if you are getting damage pic.
- Worst quality.plzzzz don't buy.watch ll not run.
- Poor Quality....
- This product is good looking but it is cheap in price.not to gift anyone.ordered but it was not delivered to my address due to some problems.idk why.
- This Product sucked. Don't commit a huge mistake by buying it. This is not a watch just a toy with a dead battery.
- Poor quality and poor product. Shown in display different from original and the lock is broken.
- The product was not as per the specifications n design. Not satisfied with the product
- Very very poor quality and not working ,not fitting to tie the buttons in end
- Not satisfied... Product is totally different from as shown in photo here
- very cheap and poor quality.when I open the pack a smell of kerosin was there.they used kerosin to clean it up.how cheap?size is also so small like a toy for kid. waste of money
- This is fitting on nose. Quality is not good. It is sitting over the eyes level and not recomondable for buy any more and anybody. Please don't go for this.
- This Sun Sunglasses is not too good.,
- Defective product........Size does not fit on your face
- Joe Black Aviator Sunglasses bad Quality
- Very bad product...dont go for it
- Not worth it.
- waste of money
- I purchased this to listen to music from a flash drive. It does not work in either my Samsung Galaxy Core Prime phone or my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9.
- Don't waste your time or money as we lost ours as we cannot even get a refund. Besides not working and being recognized by any of the devices, it is very cheaply made. Like the cables and wires one would find at the $ Store.
- Didn't work for what I needed to do,download pics from cell to tablet
- Did not work for my samsung galaxy s4, very frustrated.
- Doesn't work. Sent back for refund.
- worst product...not being connected...hated it..dosnt support windows 8
- It's for entry level gamers only.its very delicate ...if you are looking for low budget gamepad, then go for logitech gamepads...if you don't have enough money and you want to buy this one...Then use it very carefully...
- Didn't Work With Windows 8.1, Useless for me :(
- Worst, It stopped working befroe a month only
- This game pad not working properly with windows 8.1. I bought this product at 280 but it's not usefull I am not able to configure the direction control button.
- Really bad joystick ever it shouldn't work for at least 2 months.it not working/connected now. I suggest all not 2 buy this try any other
- Pathetic service. One of the buttons wasn't working. I registered a complaint and the refund system wasn't followed up by the authorities.
- poor quality,not double vibration only single vibrator inside ,left axis broken....just bought it 3 months ago .not made for gamers ..:(
- Bad experience.......Go for ENTER
- Joystick doesn't work properly.
- pretty bad quality.........
- Faulty product..... But Amazon service is best....... Very happy with Amazon.... But not with this product...
- Don't waste your money by buying this shit.viberator is horrible and RT and Rb buttons are very bad
- Poor build quality. Couldn't even withstand normal usage for a month. Not a quality product
- Not happy with product
- Was not working
- Very bad quality product .
- Quality of product is so dull. In the image it is showing so colorful.
- Poor quality material with improper stiching. I returned the product and it took me more a month to get my cash back.
- Piece is defective. trust me I am regular customer of amazon but In clothings I found very cheap qaulity products.
- Quality is not good,as per price product does not fit,u can get the same product in market at less than 200rs
- I quality of the productis not good..As i will returned this product there was not a refund status.
- Got the order on right time but it didn't meet my expectations. It doesn't really fit well.
- The product is pathetic. Very low quality. Please don't buy. The seller is cheat.
- Very Thin Material used. Can't be worn in winters at all. Finishing wasn't good either.
- Won't even like to rate it, pathetic piece of cloth. Not even worth wearing in the loo.
- Quality is very low.now after using don't think so it worth that much cost.
- stuff is not very good. quality is not very good.
- Worst quality. 
- Loss of time and money .very low quality
- I didn't like the quality of cloth
- Quality is not as expected
- Very bad condition
- Looks nice on the photo but quality of product is very poor. I ask for the returns of the product since a month nobody turns back I got the mail from Inkovy and phone call too after requesting for 4 to 5 times. They are cheaters. They ask us to returns them goods via courier.
- The quality of the product is really bad as compared to the prices. Amazon is loosing its creditability. Charging more for products that are not worth it. The fabric is neithr good nor actually what is displayed on the site.
- I dont like its cloth matarial and its size also is loo large for me so please help me to return this product .
- Quality not good
- Bad quality material
- The quality of this t shirt,s cloth is very poor. Don't purchase it
- As according to the price product is not good looks very cheap. I will say its not at all up to expectation. I really want to return it saying it too big but I thought it to let it go. But for those who are looking at it I will say it a waste of money do not go for these. Thank you
- QUALITY OF PRODUCT IS NOT TOO GOOD AS WE ASPECT
- Very Low Quality product.
- bad quality of fabric..
- Not good as expected
- quality not good
- poor quality, white lines focusing out than the colour of saree and not expected as shown.
- I read all the previous review, all reviews are suggested not to purchase the product, still I purchased it. And now I come to know that the product quality was very bad. Design is also not impressive. I suggest not to purchase it.
- Am totally disappointed from this quality last week I order this and buy it, but the quality was too bad please don't buy any one ,totally different from the photo that saree worth just 150 too waste and damaged also
- Worst product saree looks different from the picture. Its just a printed saree but the picture shows lace work . Its fake ,i insist not to buy it
- It's very bad. In poster it was showing very good.but in reality saree fabric is very bad.Blouse is in another pattern.material is very cheap.
- not good this saree is not in good
- I have bad experience. First time send green colour. The replacement was defective. I totally disappointed. Waste of money.
- In one word...WORST...CHEATING.. Damaged and low quality product sent..No matching between image shown and product sent...very bad..
- It's very poor product quality it seems very low and I think not to buy it.offer made me fool to buy this
- RETURNED THIS PIECE....material is pathetic...brilliant photography I must say...misleading
- I am disappointed. It is very bad.colour totally different from the image
- I was really a bad experience ... It was the total loss of my money.
- it is a very low grade saree .amazon cheats us for this product
- Very low quality improve your quality and design
- Not worth for the price and all specs are outdated. In China they released redmi note 3 with fingerprint and 4000 mah battery. They think India is dumping ground. Better go for Coolpad.
- As i purchased it it stopped working from the 9th day.I wanted to return this item but i am not supposedto.my hard earned money thus wasted.
- It is not to the expected value for the money paid, not to the standards of slim fit shirt, not able to wear and not at all comfortable
- Waste of money
- Its poor product
- Not a good product and the fitting is very poor.

- Very disappointed - bought 2, both failed within a year!! I bought two of these (B175) as I got good price on Flipkart. I liked it compared to my previous Logitech wireless mouse as the battery lasted much longer (although it's still working fine aftrer more than three years). Both B175 failed after working for few months! Won't buy this model again.

- very small, but ok kind of... keys do not work, its hard and a very small mouse, does not fit in the hand. Click is bad, it selects entire line........i asked for HP mouse as i lost faith in logitech, but Flipkart denied.....waste of money........never purchase from flipkart..........

- Horrible - Worst mouse ever Cant believe Logitech actually manufactures this kind of rubbish. Just feels like a really cheap duplicate chinese mouse that you can pick up on the footpath or chor bazaar.  The mouse makes a rattle when moved around. The back flap keeps falling off exposing the insides. Easily the worst mouse i have ever bought. The build quality is horrible and something you would not expect from Logitech.  As i said, this feels more like a cheap duplicate than logitecch product. Giving it a rating of 1 because thers no option of zero! 

- Not so great I Just bought this today...already not happy... the back battery cover already seems lose and flimsy...and i am sure over the course of time, it will come off :( Disappointed 

- Bad battery space Battery stops working due misalignment . I need to remove and insert battery several times so that mouse starts working again

- Pirated books on sale Yes thats right.i recieved a pirated copy of the book.I did read the other reviews but thought only a few people had this problem. Flipkart guarantees alll products are 'Genuine' but that is not the case.Only the first few pages were in fine print and the rest were xeroxed out copies. 

- Mistakes..... the book is good but also has mistakes you will find when you solve it, got after 3 days from orderd date. 

- Pirated The book is good for comp. Exam ..But "FLIPKART" are selling pirated edition on" S Chand Publication" books . The first 8 pages are colourful and rest are not. So I request everyone not to buy books from "FLIPKART"..

- Not Very Helpful If You Are Good In Math. its not what it looks like. if u think this is an amazing book for all kinds of exams and for improving ur I.Q/aptitude skills etc., this is shit. only mathematical skills can be practiced. and seriously everyone would be able to solve 90% OF IT IF U FINISHED 12TH GRADE.  

- paper quality too bad paper quality is toooooo bad ... first few pages are too good but after that it worst.. don't buy this book from here.!! 

- wastage of money i purchased the same , but it encountered with problems. i had Got very bad co-operation from segate service centre. i wish i would never go for this product. in fact, after making paritions it stopped working!!!!!!! 

- Dont Buy They didn't provide bill for this product. be aware................................................... 

- Don't buy from OMSHAKTI seller Seller OMSHAKTI is a fraud. This guy is a fraud and totally untrustable. Even after the faulty product, they refuse to return the product.

- Not really great The primary reason I bought this device was that it supported wireless backup of my Apple Iphone and Ipad but the backup never completes and errors out on each try. The Laptop backup is decent. 

- Company does not respond to mails. I got it for around Rs. 20,000 during the sale. Lucky got a decent panel. Edges are slightly darker but overall the panel appears to be defect free. I have read horror stories where people got panels with dark patches and blue tints. The TV itself is quite nice. Speakers are optimal for regular people.  Though the ports for HDMI and USB are not very accessible which makes it hard to attach and detach devices on a regular basis. Update: One month has passed. There is a dead pixel on the display. Bought extended warranty from VU but the company does not respond to mails requesting them to connect it with my purchased TV. If this is the condition of customer support today, god knows what kind of support I would get if the TV develops a major problem.

- Awful...awful service by Vu The TV was delivered on time on 23th July. However the TV hasn't been installed yet as of 28th July. Numerous calls to flipkart haven't yield any results and they keep on insisting that the installation will take place in the next 24 hours every time I call them. I got really irritated by their service and decided to install the TV myself, on a stand until they bother to show up to install the TV. I will update this review when that happens. Now, about the TV. It's pretty good. Tried my HD set top box and computer via HDMI and the image quality is amazing. The sound is acceptable if you are used to LCD TV speakers. One thing I do not like about the TV is that there are no HDMI ports on the sides. If you wall mount your TV, you will lose access to all the HDMI ports. Will update the review if there are any issues. Edit: They finally arrived to install the TV on the 30th of July. They claimed that they received the request for installation only a day before. BS. They merely examined the TV and left. 

- All the review is totally wrong Pros: price Cons: Sound quality is very bad (Being 10 x 15 feet room). poor picture quality with normal and HD channels, even not given micromax picture quality I'm using airtel HD setup box Wall mount too difficult not reach back side Normal sound quality on Headphone Jack No Sync of remote with DTH. your looking good quality full HD TV, you don't go with this I have been using this TV for past 15 days. I will edit this review if any updates  

- Piece of crap. Getting it replaced 2nd time, Screen developed black spots, both TVs. Fed up :( Never ever buy this TV. Its a trap. 

- Very Bad Terrible third party installation support, Vu customer care also. Usb does not play Mp4 and Mkv which showing audio not suported, some other formats.

- No support on .MKV .MP4 format Hi, This TV do not have .Mp4 or .Mkv format, you need to purchase separate media box which cost at least 4500 extra ( which lands total cost almost 28000 ). Kindly consider before purchase.  

- Not worth the money The product looked good on purchase. 2 washes and it became hopeless. Please do not go for it. The color has faded and it is now looking shabby. 

- Overpriced It is Pathetic Product & overpriced. Similar Quality Products are available in Market for âÂ?¹300- 400... Pillow Cover size is too large, it can fit 3 pillows in 1 cover. One seems awkward.

- This is not a good quality The Ahmedabad cotton bed sperd what l bought from you is very thiny and not worth for the amount l paid .A well quality is available lockaly .I am not able find the quality at the picture it better buy all these things at the shops. Not on online. The experiance for pillows also.

- ahmedabad cotton floral Double Bedsheet poor quality & poor fabrics this pricing Photo pictuer atractive but actual i purchase this bedsheet and used this product is low count and poor fabrics no long time use this bedsheets 

- Product is not good as expected. Quality is not good as i expected. In the same price Bombay dying available. Picture color and Bedsheet color is different. In short it's not a good deal. 

- Not up to the mark While there was no issue from flipkart side, Mamy Poko Pants are not as good as the Pampers ones. These get heavy and wet quite easily which is not the case with Pampers. 

- never gonna buy them they gave rashes to the baby ,i've decided to switch to pampers which is much more comfortable and has better quality 

- Not good It is not up to the mark, I have used all brands those are available in India. Mamy Poko Pants are not good it leaks in late in the morning it do not sustain more than 6 hours in winters.  Best used till date is papers active baby which I feel is the best product in market. 

- Below standard product I have been a regular user of Many Poko pants but somehow the products that I have received is below average. I can see rashes being developed and its not even spill proof either. Definitely, this wont be my choice in my next purchase. 

- Delivery charges are not acceptable as this product is aroung Rs.600, Rs.200 Delivery charges are unacceptable. The same product is available for Rs.600 in Firstcry.com without any delivery charges. If Flipkart dose this kind of nonsense, we will not buy any products here. 

- Unethical strategy of selling by Philips!! I registered the product on Philips site and wrote my review after a week's usage. I mentioned few pros and couple of cons based on my experience, however to my surprise Philips didn't post my review and send me an email informing the same since I wrote couple of negative points. They didn't even try to contact me to address the concerns if they really thought the points mentioned by me were not valid. I wrote an email to them explaining the same, however no reply on that. This is completely unethical way of selling and certainly very bad strategy. I've used many Philips products in the past and I admire the brand however this experience has led me to think otherwise. So people beware of reviews posted in Philips site since you will only find positive reviews. Reviews on flipkart may be more reliable.

- not worth the price cannot use while charging,no correct manual,and does not trim properly and the blade which is designed to minimize the wounds while trimming does not help..10 hours of charging for 30 minutes of use..if you forget to charge and the power dies in the mid way of the trim have to rush to barber covering your half shaven face or have to shave with your razor... 

- I didnt liked the product. I didn’t like the product. Told the same to flipkart, but looks like they won’t take it back. So my first review gets a 1 star. Loud as hell and does the intended functionality with approximately 10% of the expectation. Now it will stay in the box till eternity. Never had any issues with my earlier purchase of Philips BG2024/15 from flipkart itself. Works like a charm since Jan 2013. Thanks for denying the return of the product. I am delighted. 

- Don't go for it Non sense product from philips. you need to charge for more than 3 hours to use for 10 mins.I had gone for this because of brand name. 

- Don't buy it.... Please... got delivered from flipkart in a week ...It's a piece of shit... trim hairs unevenly and discharges quickly.... please if you want to trim either go for panasonic or high end range ... even local trimmers are good... 

- order cancelled automatically order cancelled automatically they dont even call :( so angry with flipkart delivery :X highly unsatisfied. don't deserve any star. 

- class 4 dont buy..damn slow Guys class 4 memory card dont buy..damn slow.Even slows my phone. I went for another after this class 10 and thats wooping fast

- May be my bad luck i bought this card but my nokia c2-01 doesn't support it, neither does my other phones.. when i inserted it into my phone it said "unsupported file system" and when i removed it, it was HOT..i dont know wat to say.. not a good buy. 

- Stopped working in 40 days !! bought it from flip kart on june 26th. worked fine for bout 40 days , and now suddenly it shows only 30 mb, which i cant use, cant format, or do nything. called flipkart, they say 30 day replacement service is over. i guess it works only for 30 days 

- SanDisk MSD Card 8 GB Class 4 This card worked only for 1 month :(. Now its damage. I checked it on 3-4 phones to confirm issue is with SD card. 

- Heat Issue Phone looks good Use it like toy in show case Major problem is heating issue U cannot spend more time with this phone if you use it for long calls your ear will burn if you want to browse more your hand will burn Stratup idea -- make cooling pad for it put flash sale

- Mobile or iron box Phone gets heats up even after 2 mins usage. Goes nearly 45 c. I am going to return this product. Total waste of time and money. Not worthy at all.

- Worst camera quality not Recommended I bought this phone & I was Satisfied of its design and Other Features such as fingerer Sensor lock but I am total Dissatisfied with its camera as the picture quality is worst. Clicked Picture get Blured when I zoom it. Please guys those are photos freaks please do not buy this phone. another thing which i realized is that Comapny Gave 3GB RAm in this phone but customer will only get 1.2 GB available free memory which is too low. 
 
- LETV 1s GREAT DESIGN LOOKS WITH POOR PERFORMANCE Flipkart's service is excellent I GOT MY MOBILE ON 4 the FEB MORNING BUT LETV 1S MOBILE IS NOT FULFILL YOUR EXPECTATIONS. Average mobile great design build look.but there are problems like camera quality is very poor,minor software bug.battery life is not so good,heating issues Overall average mobile 

- Not Worthy 1. heating very big problem... after using 15-20 minute it start heating a lot 2. Its Battary drain very fast, it doen't long last for 1 day. 3. camera Quality is very very poor.

- Lousy Delivery Staff Had ordered Canon 1200d a few days back, but unfortunately had to cancel the order because of arrogant, lousy, rude and uncooperative delivery staff. If this is what they call world class customer service then treat this as my last order to flipkart.

- my personal experience I purchased this product. i was very exited before it arrive when i got it i try to get some good shot but whenever i take any picture with this camera every time i thought why i purchased this ? why did't i go for upper model ? even a point and shoot camera give higher sharpness then this camera. please don't buy this. this is not the product what you want go for upper level model or buy any other point shoot camera. I am not satisfied with this camera even after spending 29845 RS :( and i am giving 1 star because i am unable to comment without giving any satar 

- Bad Experience My wife bought me d5300 two days ago from Flipkart. The seller was WS-Retail. I was so happy getting my first DSLR. Everything was fine in the package. The camera was good. All the accessories were good. Got a 8 GB class 10 mem-card. But when I put the battery into the charger the LED blinked for 2-3 minutes then turned off. I checked the battery status in the camera and it indicated low(not able to use the shutter). According to the manual, it should take almost 110 minutes to charge fully. And while charging the charger LED will blink and when finished(i.e. fully charged) it will glow solid. But in my case, not even the LED is turning on. I am very upset. My wife has started a return request. Don't know what WS Retail will do. But its a kind request to them if they could change the battery charger or the battery(I am confused between which one is actually faulty) it will be good. I liked the camera very much so my wife bought it. But this bad experience on the start has made me feel bad. In fact I relied most of the time on WS-Retail because of their good service and good products(even if some times other sellers are selling in a bit low price, I preferred WS-Retail), but this is a first bitter experience in buying products from them. 

- Very Very Slow It seems there is some problem with the Ram. The Ram is very slow maybe 800 MHz . This is making the system very slow . don't go for it... You will bang your head if you purchase it....

- very slow not suggestible. performance is very slow. better to go I3. even folder also taking 10 sec to open some times. excel also too late to open. don't see low cost. see how much worth full. 

- Plz Buy Intel Powered Device rather than this I bought this device 2 weeks ago and my experience till now is not so great. This device is too slow. The Booting time & login time is much higher as compare to other Intel powered devices.Screen of this device is also very poor. There is no fun in watching movies or pics on it. If you are a student and want to buy a low budget laptop than you may go for it. otherwise i recommend to go for Intel powered device. Thanks 

- Disappointed Just setup the laptop. Overall look and feel is good. Noticed a small bulge in the outer casing near the touchpad. Disappointment was the RAM . Not as in the Specification. So don't trust the specs on the site.

- Nice laptop Got it for 17K+ after exchange offer..Nice product from HP. seems to be ok.. Hardware is excellent... Windows 10 sucks...if some how, microsoft could insert XP mode in windows 10. No issues with laptop. Flipkart delivered in less than 24 hours. Island keyboard is great but arrow key sucks (up and down arrow is small)..Great laptop.


- Pre installed windows 10 sucks If the user wants to downgrade the operating system to windows 8 or 7 he can't find any drivers easily . Hp wants to support in these issues otherwise there's no point of buying this and spending around 10-15 hrs on Internet to find the exact drivers


- Not what I presumed The windows 10 came with a lot of faults. I had to spend a lot of time to find the drivers for windows 7 (the wifi rtl8723be cannot work on linux) and hp website has only the windows 10 drivers. Features of windows 10 such as cortana as advertised is not available in India. The new browser edge seems to be a revival of IE 6 or 5! This was a genuine review so why so many unlike points? All what I am trying to make a point of is that this laptop is made solely for windows 10. You just can't use anything else no matter how much trouble you face with its built in OS. 

- No 1 weast product hi friends please don't buy this product because of very cheap quality item don't weast your money please please dont buy this

- Bad Product No issues with flikpart delivery and packaging super. But Eureka forbes a very very bad cmpany. Service is pathetic. Liers 

- Its just a filter Its just a water filter It is not a purifier, Water taste and color remains same not at all useful for bore water

- Never buy water purifier with plastic container This product is not suitable for us, I prefer Stainless steel water purifier than this. I returned it back as there was no proper support from Eureka Forbes

- Worst Product and Worst After service Guys Please do not buy any of the Eurekha Forbes Water Filter Worst after service there is no response when we call the service guys and their call center IVR is also the worst no body responds finally threw the product away and it is not 16 litre 

- more price than local market i purchase this calculator from flipkart at 850 rs , firstly delivery take very much time i.e. 10 days from delivery, and second one in nagpur local market this same calculator available at 760 Rs i.e. really feels bad after purchasing from flipkart 

- Casio FX9991ES PLUS calculator KEYPAD NOT SO GOOD TO OPERATE,KEYS NOT PROPERLY FIXED.KEYS SHOULD BE TIGHTLY FIXED.THIS ITEM IS NOT UPTO DATE. LOOKS ALSO NOT SO GOOD. 

- SIX months... thats all stopped working in six months.... cant find a repair location bought this like six months ago...... now this calculator does not functions 

- CasioFX99IES Plus Scientific Calculator About 20 yrs back I had purchased a Casio Scientific Calculator of Japan make which was excellent in finish, quality and performance but the Casio FX99IES Plus Scientific Calculator (of Indonesia make) I have recently purchased is not of good quality finish wise as well as touch pad of the keys. Therefore I would recommend/suggest you that the calculator of Chinese or Japanese make must be supplied to customers in future to avoid any complaint in product. 

- not so satisfactory weak plastic used and display is too weak. i had pixel problem on the screen, the screen has turned blue which is not been fixed. and flipkart executive do not cooperate well. i wonder that would work for even a year. 

- worst seller Hi All , be alert , Order some things deliver some things else . Not once but multiple time .Product was also damage

- Very Worst Very Worst product , I never expect from flipkart this kind of products ..Inner used material is of poor quality .. 

- GOOD QUALITY WALLET GOOD QUALITY WALLET,WORTH THE PRICE. GENUINE LEATHER,LOOKS COOL AND DEFINITELY WILL LAST LONG AS COMPARED TO OTHER WALLETS WHICH ARE AVAILABLE IN SHOPS AND COMPARATIVELY HIGHER IN PRICE. 

- don't buy it will waste your time This is waste product.don't buy this. The material is not a genuine leather.it is made up of some plastic. Don't buy the product. I hate it....

- Not good It was less spacey and not worth the money i paid. And it's definitely not leather. Genuine or otherwise. 

- Not good Please do not buy the product, its not up to the mark also not value for the money. ...... ! 

- Do Not Buy. Not up to the mark The belt is okay in quality but it does not hold the grip because of its hook technique. Do not buy it 

- doesnt serve the purpose This belt doesnt serve the purpose..The buckle doesnt hold. not worth buying The length of the belt if very short as well 

- ok product.. looks and feels like a kids belt. in the photo it looks nice. but in real its a ok product.. looks and feels like a kids belt. its too thin.

- Not much better the length of this belt is too short, don't buy,( the waist size is more than 34) and the quality is also not much, satisfied

- not good The smell of the perfume does not even last for 15 minutes.it is a very medicore product. 

- Worst perfume The fragrance doesn't last even for minutes even when you pour it on you I used it as a perfume. Don't want to waste money.. Waiting till I empty the content.. :p 

- worst product.... i purchased it and found that it has a very unpleasant smell. doesn't smells like a perfume... also the fragrance just fades away after 15-20 min... 

- Nah! Nah! Not an good product! I purchased it with 'Wow' expectations! But it didnt fulfil my expectations. not upto the mark! This is my view! I don't kow how others like the odour. This time i was not happy with flipkart also because they have taken more time to deliver the product than the earlier product deliveries. 

- Not worth buying Its better to buy bodyspary of AXE than this as the perfume quality is not good ,it stay just for 2 hours 

- Material not so nice The Saree looks good n gorgeous just like photo, however the material of the saree is not Silk & cotton as mentioned in the ad, rather material is raw synthetic. As a result its not work value. These kind of sarees are available at Rs 400-500 in shop. Not worth it..... 

- Not as good as its price Price 1599 after 56% discount sale price 699.00 but in this range quality is not good as it shown in the picture

- Defected piece.. Color is faded in between Please check first once you receive the product as i gave it to someone and didnt checked it and when open the saree after 1 month found it defective but cannot do anything now.. 

- worst cloth dont fall in trap by looking at pic in this photo.. the worst quality in the range 500. I got my money back.as 0 star option is not there am giving 1 star to it 

- Not good Material id not up to the mark........very bad.If anybody only need good looking product...may go for this.would not suggest to anybody.

- Not Worth It doesnot Charge for long , not worth ! Please dont buy from Flipkart low quality Products , some fake and not of the brands displayed at all

- no sufficient capacity its a 10400 mah but if fully charged i can able to chage my 3000mah mobile one time only ...bad product 

- Not good as it looks It is really disappointing to see that even after flipkart "advantage" badge it is not so promising not even the 20% of the expectation. 

- worst power bank i bought this product thinking that it would easily charge my moto x gen 1 4 times. but this shit product can only charge the phone twice. it has 4 led lights on it indicating how much charge is left. but when it reaches to the last point, it gets discharged in seconds. I wish i could return this product. but unfortunately i can not return it now. Please don't buy this...

- Don't buy it. please don't buy this product. Initially it works good. It charged my lumia 630 fully for 3 times. But after 4 months of use now it charges my lumia 630 only once. 

- Stopped working suddenly Please do not buy this if ur looking for good audio experince, the sound is just OK, It stopped working suddenly i dont any service near by so dismantled it myself and found it as only two speakers but not four the other two are pseudo speakers which i think creates bass effects. I dont advice any one to buy this. 

- Do not purchase it In the intial days u r surely going to enjoy this speaker, but after 2-3 months it will start giving u trouble. so in my opinion do not purchase it. Though price efficeint and space sfficient but still avoid it,Thats why we should go for a product which has atleast some sort of brand value so if any problem appear it could be corrected easily ehich is not the case with this one 

- Not at all good speakers!! Not Recommended Firstly there is no bass in these speakers and secondly they do not have a loud volume as well. You can get better speakers at half a price of this. Though the looks are OK but it is not worth spending this amount as the basic features are missing. I will not recommend these speakers to anyone.

- not a better choice It stopped functioning within one month of purchase while being used in normal condition. Sound quality is also not good.

- does not meet expectation The product dose not meet the expectations. I bought a nokia xl for my watchman and i got a free aux speaker which is like a small ball. The out put of this speaker is the same as that. Its just a waste of time and money. Not worth it at al 

- Fabrics is not good Fabrics quality not is good as expected. Stitching quality is also very poor. Better not to buy it.... 

- NOT WELL will think twice before buying any cloths from Flipkart. Only thing positive about this service is it reaches you in good time, But it doesn't matter when the product does not meet customer expectation. 

- BAD MATERIAL BUT LOOKS GOOD This product looks really good and the fit is also nice. But it is low quality polyester which makes the material suck and also it starts to smell after a while. Can take a skip on this one!

- not worthof money not expected out of flipkart.bad.now they want more negative feedback also.the fabric is not good.the colour is dull.the zip is of sub standard. 

- Its very bad quality... No finishing Cenizas products sees to be very poor quality. No finishing in stitching. I returned the product. But Flipkart services is so good and fast delivery.

- Do Not Buy 1. Speed of 20 Mbps in USB 3.0 drive. 2. Plastic material heats up during long transfers. 3. Tough to remove it from the USB slot due to its rear end design.

- not too good. bulky looks and data transfer speed upto 15 to 30 mbps in usb 3.0 port and 10 to 12 mbps in 2.0 port.

- Tiger with Short live it got damaged with in 2 months. try some other products. Early performance was so good. may be my bad luck :( with in a month speed drop down.

- speed not as i expected from a 3.0 usb drive reading speed was fine but writing speed was poor. i have used hp v250w before. it was 2.0 usb drive and its writing speed was better than this product. transfer speed is high at the begining of transfer. but it decreases with time in my case in both 2.0 and 3.0 ports

- Works with a speed of 2.0 drive Initially, writing to the drive is fast (40 MB/s), but then the speed drops to 8-10 MB/s and stays there for the rest of the transfer. You're better off buying a USB 2.0 drive with much lower price for same capacity.

- Keyboard doesn't has on/off button as shown in picture. Keyboard doesn't has on/off button as shown in picture. I am unable to find switch button for the keyboard. Only mouse has switch button. 

- Worst Service Flipkart Flipkart has not sent the product after 7-8 days, and there was no track history available for this item. thus I have to initiate refund for this item. but when I again try to buy this product , they have increased the price. Flipkart , is this the market you want to set up ? you have lost one of your customer today. 

- really dissapointed down botton is not working within 15 days........... guys plz dont buy this product better buy from hp or any other brand 

- good but back up needed Working fine.....but the pin is so small that have lost it.....now its cumbersome to get a stand alone piece 

- Keyboard is not good its not comfortable to type on this keyboard. IT doesn't have a number pad. Additionally spacing of keys is also not as per expectations. 

- Not upto mark after just 1 month of use coating of tava start getting. Traditional one are much better. Please don't buy this product or just go for local market. 

- Waste of Money Poor quality The coating is very bad. Appears like coated on the used or old one. In local market getting it for price tag between 850 - 1000/- . Disappointed with flipkart selling or entertaining such low quality products and the upper price tag. My sincere request to all the online buyers (netigens) , to never ever make a mistake of buying utensils or cookware from online stores. Better buy it from local stores. You will get a better quality with a better price and warranty.

- PRODUCT QUALITY IN NON-STICK COATING DUST PARTICLE & PIN HOLE OBSERVED. IT ALSO LOOK LIKE TWICE COATING HAS BEING DONE ON UTENSILS.

- Average product I have ordered this combo and first time I have received defective product with one piece was bent from the sides. I ordered replacement and another product which I received also has some bent on it and another product is not having smoother base. Product is average and poor quality of finishing

- Good in price but not last longer This is a good product in a low range but this product can run till a short duration. I can say that it will not be ok after 2 years. overall its a good product in a minimum range. 

- Not Working I have used it. Its not working on WINDOWS 10. So anyone who has upgraded to win 10 please don't bother. 

- usless if u are buying this for fifa ! very bad quality of material allotted analog sticks are very uncontrolled (not accurate ) looses key crunchiness very sooner ! go fr logitech rumble pad best for fifa gaming 

- ok-ok if you are not a hard core gamer and just flay games for time pass say once in a day or few times a week then buy it otherwise dont. if you are a frequent user then go for something good coz after few sessions with it joystick will start to get stuck, you know cheap material so too much load it wont be able to handle. for time-pass players why to buy expensive ones. so go for it. 

- Faulty Analog. Shady Brand. This product lasted for 33 days and flipkart has a 30 day replacement guarantee. It was more of a gradual break down that started after 20 days of owning it. I thought it was just a hiccup but I was wrong. The controller i was using was itself a replacement since the first controller sent to me was defected from the beginning. The analog gave up after being sparingly used by only me. Its a cheap product for a reason and its no good if you want to hold onto it for at least more than a month. I suggest everybody settles for an expensive controller rather than spending 300 rs on a product that cannot survive for more than a month. Enter-customer care wont take your calls and it seems like there is no one responsible for my loss. For the future, PLEASE return the product even if in doubt before its too late. 

- Worked fine for 38 days!!! The product was delivered within 2 days (on 10-May-2012) and it worked fine for 38 days and then it just stopped working!!!! An error kept popping up saying 'USB device not recognised....' I found out that the usb connector had some issues and after twisting and turning it would get detected but as soon as I moved by hand away from the connector it stops working. Another problem - The shoulder buttons get stuck sometimes and after tapping on the edges they come out. I called up flipkart requesting them to do something about it but they said have a strict 30 days replacement policy, they cannot help if there is any defect after the 30 day period. Now I will have to make rounds of the Enter service center to get it fixed! Well cant complain much... this is what you get for a cheap product!. One last thing I would like to add is - I have another Enter gamepad which I bought almost 3-4 years back and works absolutely fine to this day. I guess you have to be plainly lucky with Enter products! 

- Bad paper and printing - like the stuff you get on the roadside The paper is so thin and near-translucent! Not how I'd wanna read a masterpiece. Could've rather bought this quality of print on the roadside for 50 bucks.

- worst quality ever! anyone planning to buy this classic, just don't. this has the worst quality of paper ever. better to go for another edition. 

- Average Does not stand upto the levels of hype given by most of the readers. Flipkart delivery was as usual. Right on time. Took to reading this book immediately with a lot of expectations but ended up disappointed. 

- Pirated copy? Wonderful author, fabulous and compelling story, however (sadly) the paper and binding reminds one of the cheap pirated paperbacks sold on sidewalks. Besides using substandard paper, the page margins are irregular and the front cover is a photocopy of the original (at the local bookstore the round anniversary sticker has been 'stuck on' whereas the one supplied through Flipkart is a photocopy).

- Not for me...Its first time I read a classic novel & I don't like this novel. Actually I am not a reader of classic novel. May be its a best classic novel but if u r not a classic novel reader then don't try any classic novel. Bcoz u will get bored. I get bored by reading this classic novel & I cant complete this book. Its my personal view. 

- copy of other book The book is a kind of copy of the book ' the power of subconscious mind.' Those who have read that book, need not to buy this. 

- Disappointed The book was a big disappointment for me. It is way below the hype around it. Many a times I thought of leaving it incomplete. It was a waste of time and money for me. I did not find anything in it to carry on. I got the feel of getting conned by "Think beyond IIMs" kind of book :(

- Average The book contains great underlying thought of being positive and focussed in life. But there is too much of repeatation, Read two pages or entire book,it is one and same..... 

- Why I bought this scrap? It is over hyped book. So much Utopian in nature. Good for those who read and develop their motivation. Nothing inspirational for those who think rationally. 

- WORST BOOK EVER After seeing the rating I thought I is an amazing book....after I get...den I understood that it is a 200pages of crap.....the author makes the book very boring by repeating the same thing.....and WORLD IS NOT A WISH GRANTING MACHINE RHONDA BYRNE? 
